In this video, we are going to be working against issue number three, and that is to go ahead and
create our joke service.
So I'm going to toggle over to intelligence and work on that now.
So, um, up until, gee, we don't need this guy opened, what I want to do is let's take a quick look
and hear some opening up external libraries and I want to go down to my dependency.
So this is the jar that we pulled in from my Mavin are my in central artifact can see and hear that
it just has two classes.
The one that we want, it's Chuck Norris quotes.
So you can see it's not a terribly complex implementation.
So we just have a list of quotes.
And you can see here, these are all the quotes are jokes, I should say, and all we do is say get
a random quote.
So it looks out at that list and grabs a random integer and grabs basically a random string off that
list and returns it.
So not exactly rocket science here.
So pretty simple.
Just a little fun implementation here.
So let me lapse this and close that.
And what we want to do is go ahead and implement the service.
So I'm going to come up here and create a new package.
My convention conventionality put my services in a package of services and my controllers and package
of controllers, it just makes the code a little more neat and organized.
So let's do services.
So pretending that this would one day become a much larger project, even though we're just demonstrating
some pretty simple functionality here.
And again, when we're working with the spring framework, doing dependency injection best practices
to code against an interface and then utilize that interface.
Let's go ahead and come in here.
I'm going to create a new Java class.
We'll call it an interface.
So go ahead, search service.
And what I can do here.
So just do string get joke, and we don't need to pass it in any parameter, so that's our interface.
So very, very straight, straightforward, and what I can do here in ontology is just on the Maxxam
do an option.
Enter, brings up a dialogue here, implement interface, just hit enter on that.
You know, the keys and windows are going to be a little bit different.
But you can see here it's coming up with a default of joke service mple and address this in the course
somewhere.
As far as INTERFET naming conventions here, for this purposes, I'm only going to have one implementation.
If you get into a situation where you have multiple amputation, that's where it's best to stray away
from empl.
You don't want to do something like empl one and two and three.
That would make no sense at all.
You'd want to do some type of description, but here, for our purposes, we only are going to have
one implementation of that interface.
So go ahead and create that like so.
And we're going to go ahead and add that to get can see here that it's provided an implementation of
that.
So here I'm going to annotate this as a service using the spring stereotype to say that this is a service
and now I'm talking spring, that this is a spring component and spring boot is going to pick it up
because here we have the spring boot application.
Expand this out a little bit.
I can see that it is in this package.
So by default, spring boot is going to look for annotated components in this package, the Goober's
Spring Framework, Spring five jokes, the two and then anything down beneath that.
So I don't need any further configuration.
Now, what I can also do best practice is to declare private final, and we want that.
Chuck Norris quotes.
Like, so you can see that that is not happy, so I'm going to come in and create a constructor for
that.
So, like none and here just doing a no args construct around this and say this Chuck Norris quotes
equals new.
And then you might be going, whoa, wait a second, this is not friendly for dependency injection and
and yes, that is absolutely correct.
If we were a little further along as far as using utilizing spring configuration, I would declare this
as a being.
But that is coming up in the course.
So we won't be doing that at this particular time.
So here we are hard coating it.
And so this gets wired up using the Java constructor.
So when spring creates an instance of this, we automatically get that built inside of the constructor.
Further out on the course, I'll be showing you how to declare spring components, not using the annotation,
because here I think I've shown you how to use these spring stereotypes.
We have got into spring configuration now how I can take a third party dependency, declare that.
But that is going to be coming up in the course.
And then, of course, what we want to do is come in here, say Chuck Norris quotes, get random quotes.
So we'll go ahead and return back a random string.
So just to recap what we implemented here, we added in the interface for a joke service, single methadone
to get a joke.
And then again here, what we did is we implemented a hardcoded that implementation to provide back
that random, quote, value.
And coming up, we will create a controller and utilize this spring managed component within the controller.
But we'll do that a different video.
And at this point, I'll go ahead and commit this code into GitHub against that issue and on the branch
create joke service so you can see everything that was changed in this lesson.